testing/endtoend/README.md, before:

# End-to-end Testing Package

This is the main project folder of the end-to-end testing suite for Prysm. This performs a full end-to-end test for Prysm, including spinning up an ETH1 dev chain, sending deposits to the deposit contract, and making sure the beacon node and its validators are running and performing properly for a few epochs.
It also performs a test on a syncing node, and supports featureflags to allow easy E2E testing of experimental features. 

## How it works

Through the `end2EndConfig` struct, you can declare several options such as how many epochs the test should run for, and what `BeaconConfig` the test should use. You can also declare how many beacon nodes and validator clients are run, the E2E will automatically divide the validators evently among the beacon nodes.

In order to "evaluate" the state of the beacon chain while the E2E is running, there are `Evaluators`  that use the beacon chain node API to determine if the network is performing as it should. This can evaluate for conditions like validator activation, finalization, validator participation and more.

Evaluators have 3 parts, the name for it's test name, a `policy` which declares which epoch(s) the evaluator should run, and then the `evaluation` which uses the beacon chain API to determine if the beacon chain passes certain conditions like finality.

## Current end-to-end tests

* Minimal Config - 2 beacon nodes, 256 validators, running for 8 epochs
* Minimal Config Slashing Test - 2 beacon nodes, 256 validators, tests attester and proposer slashing

## Instructions

If you wish to run all the minimal spec E2E tests, you can run them through bazel with:

```
bazel test //testing/endtoend:go_default_test --define=ssz=minimal --test_output=streamed
```

Commit message:

e2e: Add web3signer component (#10088)
* Add initial web3signer binary

* Add support for web3signer component in e2e

* revert some changes

* Reference https://github.com/ConsenSys/web3signer/issues/485 in commentary

* gofmt

* Add notice about java 11 requirement

* Sec issue, revert to 0750 permissions

* remove unused param

* remove unused import

* use hexutil

* Fix yaml struct tags. See https://github.com/ConsenSys/web3signer/issues/485\#issuecomment-1015994840

* fmt

Co-authored-by: james-prysm <90280386+james-prysm@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Raul Jordan <raul@prysmaticlabs.com>

testing/endtoend/README.md, after:

# End-to-end Testing Package

This is the main project folder of the end-to-end testing suite for Prysm. This performs a full end-to-end test for Prysm, including spinning up an ETH1 dev chain, sending deposits to the deposit contract, and making sure the beacon node and its validators are running and performing properly for a few epochs.
It also performs a test on a syncing node, and supports featureflags to allow easy E2E testing of experimental features. 

## How it works

Through the `end2EndConfig` struct, you can declare several options such as how many epochs the test should run for, and what `BeaconConfig` the test should use. You can also declare how many beacon nodes and validator clients are run, the E2E will automatically divide the validators evently among the beacon nodes.

In order to "evaluate" the state of the beacon chain while the E2E is running, there are `Evaluators`  that use the beacon chain node API to determine if the network is performing as it should. This can evaluate for conditions like validator activation, finalization, validator participation and more.

Evaluators have 3 parts, the name for it's test name, a `policy` which declares which epoch(s) the evaluator should run, and then the `evaluation` which uses the beacon chain API to determine if the beacon chain passes certain conditions like finality.

## Current end-to-end tests

* Minimal Config - 2 beacon nodes, 256 validators, running for 8 epochs
* Minimal Config Slashing Test - 2 beacon nodes, 256 validators, tests attester and proposer slashing

## Instructions

Note: Java 11 or greater is required to run web3signer.

If you wish to run all the minimal spec E2E tests, you can run them through bazel with:

```
bazel test //testing/endtoend:go_default_test --test_output=streamed
```
